Add some docs (#58)
rom-rb/rom-factory: docsite/source/index.html.md

# rom-factory

> `rom-factory` provides simple API for creating and persisting ROM::Struct's. If you already know FactoryBot you'll definetily understand the concept.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`rom-factory` provides a simple API for creating and persisting `ROM::Struct`'s. If you already know FactoryBot you'll definitely understand the concept.
```

## Installation

> First of all you need to define a ROM Container for Factory. For example if you are using `rspec`, you can put these lines to `spec_helper.rb`. Also you need to require here all files with Factories.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First of all you need to define a ROM Container for Factory. For example if you are using `rspec`, you can add these lines to `spec_helper.rb`. Also you need to require here all files with Factories.
```
